I have gievn names in 2013,2015 (Play with lies see what will happen to America, Russians dont worry no putting kid send your desirest models try)
nO nEW nAMES OR PHOTOS these are old.

Katy Perry...look what she did?
2. Clintobn Girls (Not chealsea) : They know the names already gave photos.
3. Ashley Brookes
4.Gotti(who dragged her into this field she is not supposed to be in this)
5.Amy (not actress or britan)
6.Brooke
7. Eugene(Dont know who she is, is she from salem) prima nocta do have fun.....
8. Merrisa (She does not have face she kjnows what she has done)(Her pet name is Piggy, she knows why she is called that and by whom?check data form 90'S TO 2009...37 WOULD HAVE Fucked you be safe.)
9. Hurley (GHive to John Cena he is thinking about hurley)
10 Jessica (not seftel) (this jessica is dead)
11 Execute cheyalsindi Nadella ni(Pelli ayindhani play chesadu), warangal i did not go till 2019(Visited for Kali temple))  Christie/Hurley(canadian) kadu. Chinnadadi...Papam chesaru. I think this hurley is orphan, its unclear whether she is dead her, face has similarity to sarah but height difference.
12 Sarah...I did not take any recording(Others reocrding) how do I know she will come? what did I say to her code? Aguments baga chesthadi, dumb idhi.
13 Nidhi sharma time only Hurley fucked....I need I... will tell the room number where it happened? Do you want to clean the data. JOhn Cena still thinking of Hurley.6 men fucked her...Names:1      (Room:SUITE _ _ _)   2 (Room: ) 3 (Room: ) 4(Room: ) 5(Room: ) 6(Room: )(If i give names they will run after me not just Giovts)
14 Emily
15 Paris I told not to tkae the ring....Americas Future.
16 Sarah hurley look alike from images...who is alive? I need I...Wall says both dead I only know Hurley or SARAH!
17 Rebecca Norlander...whoich girls...1999-2005? which country will die? I dont need ti vecoime obama to know the truth? Think only numbers?
18 This girl came to my school to sing after I driove tpo save myself.
19 WSU Girls...bruce and other fuckers games from 2006 -2012 and afterwards.
20 International Girls(eUROPEANS) John Abraham(HE WILL NOT PLAY WITH AMERICA) fucked not Aunties. International Girls Allu Arjun Fucked(Illu India so no international for me) .
21 Elisha
22
23
24 aNUSHKA sHARMA(LONDON GAME) & sAMANTHA (uNDERLINED) & Katrina Kaif(Rhokda)
25 mANDANA aCTRESS who all make films with her are DEVILS(Heros) watch.. Savitri also I said truth they made a movie only on her movies and not back games.
26 Kardharsian Cunt (Who is destorying americans potential...Nude and more) (Kiss Chritiano) (Was this there during the 1800'S IN AMERICA CULTURE WISE NOT TECHNOLOGY)(tECH WILL ALWAYS COME LET THAT BE COSMATIC SURGERY OR IPHONE) Do americans want happy family or kardharsians cOSMETIC sURGERY? now combine with PD3 Pussy to Devils by 3 kardharsians.This will kill america like woodstock.
27 Bears Diane Bike on the wall...who found Diane Joyce Cook from bears?
28 Ambanis want there daughter wed but my girls fucked in USA and Suffering to me for 10 years...who dragged me to India? what does wall have? Beocme no 1 in world still ending fate. Relience plan was to finish Illuminati and NDA(Vajpayee and Modi) was to finish eagle using Nidhi(Next tehy will start a game to set up another child/Kiara and play to finish remaining countires). Its all written in grandfathers home.Nita and you had 3 kids you want to fuck my girls Internationally.
29 English Rolling Manchu Lakshmio she did not want me to marry an America, Whpo is Devil?
30 Another girl married in Aug-Sep 2012 in usa(Exactly the time I was packing my bags in 2012), they said I will marry in india and indians will crucify me in India... No Indian marriage for me...Who is that Girl? Do you want to play with Touch obama and Biden?
31 Lackman....cup....?
32 Liz Hartman
33
34
35
36

Main culprit barak obama...he wants Africans to Have wombs...See fate of country! Everyone in america knows underhood.

Marvel see future of children shitty america...do more movies...MSA?
Govt will always lie to coverup they will pay the cost, nothing to worry.
If my child is Christ, then why hurley and other girls and more. KC Kid Chiorst.PD 3 Pencil Donation at Age 3.
NFL Player: says I am man chick and the girl runs to him....America needs President for that(Duty not fubn)...Funnty.
NFL New Player: I have a plump heart and the girl runs to him....change....Funnty.
Are you sure how christ died? Was he slayed on cross?
MA on wall: Maranam America...see this will happen...watch.
Merci only did not give me her girl why should I show Mercy>?
If I scratched on wall ...How do I know these names and more and how much can nails or instruments do such carvings in photos?
You make me old/suffer/starve and fuck all these girls by other...keep doing see american in future..
Making Families in the back adn back dating at MSFT. Do more. More girls do do...
If i was silent, Americans would have said take ring we will give you hurley AS RING...what a game? Watch what will happen to AMERICA?
Paypal also they blocked by asking phone number they thought moves would save them? You dont know what will come through you!
Played Medicines in WSU From councelor to Doctor? See what will come nowQ!
They want to Build Google Brain....wiose advice shut it down! You dont know what is comming! Who is o? o gIVE GOOGLE BRAIN TO YOUR DAUGHTER lets see what she can do?
Also sarah bleed and not me...Is she aliove? Who was walking on the road during that?
How did I hgit shelby in safeway? Who told me which TIME?
devuda someone in some where said this ...haritha ramya..... running from school days? aha pOho kadu...Fidaa next movie what? 
someone got cancer and hiding from whorld....not indian? who dear? block me and lock me up?
Someone asked Diane to give me F iub research, she said I was 1 and gave s? Do you want to play with touch?


Biden will finsiih the country.....Give it to him.


i got shumbergs when I taught in hyderabad there are devil kids here, not all,....what evil giovernment?
I do ejaculation...pom pom pom(while playing football in England anad Europe).....nice fucking in italy continue.... His couch and him had lots if Fun in England Girls...pd3 pdc portugal death by Chirtiano....London Girls had lots of FUN!
sEE SACHIN Michael Schumacher...who gave whom which gift? Why did he have head trauma? Same with AShish singh and Larrys Kids...same throughout...Gates and Cghandrababu Naidu whose family became trash? See who is Devil and Who is Angel?
Nadella played and gave girls to other Indians not me, he played IIT Madras means IIT M which means M for maranam or death, they are devils anyone form IIT M should be subjected to termination. Head count was there still did not hire.
IIT International I Trasher. Remember this.Any Country.
Modi created insurances saying nothing will happen internationally...Andhra Bank or Union Bank? see his cabinet and future of international countries...watch the fun.
Eagkle is after me from Redmond not singapore/foodista person 2009. It knows who all are playing. But nidhi time in 2000 they fucked it.
Gates good advise get u r daughters to work in some part of the company(some job tgo learn).This is not the time for making them ceos but work to learn.I have the time with me.
Barak when I said Love in emails he put it OFF and blocked me. He was worried that they needed house as proof, if I flew they would destroy it.They dont know grandfathers house eagle proof. I cant tell everythingf in one shot. At ghome americas future there not just my moves or codes. Which state should be drug free and which states drugs are fine and more. Barak is not atall concerned about the girls(africans he is concerend they need my giorls) country finished.If I give child American will shine so Barak blocked it.Shitty kids. After this DOES ALI OR BLACK LIVES MATTER? i AM ASKING QUESTION? Continue drake and africans with Prima Nocta, how will kids shine....They need my kid with Prima nocta how can my kid shine....where is Hurley? 
If i hit a club in international(Seattle 2009 load... a  white girl who was being hit by 3 guys constantly staring at me, she knew whop I was) see who will come...Food also gives heaven.
Someone says Vik = BVRIT? WHO IS THAT?(OLD GAME) (ria kAPILA cHILD aa....Cabinet Misnters)(How many games will you play?)
sOMEONE MADE MOTHERS DURING fiza?(Note)
2007 IN CANADA THEY BLOCKED ME IN HOTEL FROM GETTING A GIRL...SEE HOW THEY WILL FIBNISH...HURLEY WAS FUN for them...canadians keep playing with lies...Give girls to drake...he will do prima nocta.
RODS on wall... Race Of Devils who Stopped me...so barak blocked me what is his race? Question I am asking...Now Is barak a dog, his youth with tech he used to get this girl that girl, with my I escaped shitty girls(Who called me when I was coding in Pullman to come to her apartment, why didnt I go?), date back to dec 2011 in wsu "Dog sees God".
Jetendra Joshi which black went after him in 2010?

Games: lEARN TO rESPECT.
White: Thinkers, they will say take ring I will give hurley,After getting a child, rthey will change and say Kid is God and play me, leave me to India.
Blacks: Howla....They will say lets make me a womaniser, some girl or other will put child...then give a diseased woman and sday I got disease child is god and kill me...Baraks Idea.
Intelligent Indians: Aguthara walu...means will woman wait...MA ON WALL....mARANAM aGAKAPOTHE...IF GIRLS DONT WAIT DEATH TO THEM...


wHERE IS EUGENE TENNIS CANADIAN WHO WENT TO DRAKE...dRAKE DO prima nocta...Do Good
wHY WILL i PLAY sILENCE DURING THE GAME...Which Dogs See God.

Build wakanda...Kanye will come and sing.."I am a tech fish! I am a tech fish!". He will also contest.
Larry and Sergey are gods(letws put them to the test)....Biden come play with me....Roark
Also presidents dont get Eagle they have Eye(Tech).

NDA: nIDHI/Nadella(uSING) dEATH TO aMERICA...nOW THEY WILL CHANGE AND SAY i AM GIVING DEATH...WHO FUCKED in america?
If you want to stop touch and Killed Country ...You have to kill all those involved in playing the touch...For example Bruce and his 1000+ I am a man chick NFL stars should be Killed to Cut touch...Not sitting at home. Good luck america come play with me...

Note: I am writing fast so no one at home seens me typing all this. Github can be hacked too...
